Added instructions to the developer docs for running the project. (#2336)
Nexus-Mods/NexusMods.App: docs/developers/Contributing.md

There are also some [Item Templates](https://github.com/AvaloniaUI/avalonia-dotnet-templates) for Avalonia that can be very useful to have,
helping you make things like new 'Windows' and 'Controls' easier.

### Running the project

> - Make a fork of the project and clone it
> - Go to `NexusMods.App/src/NexusMods.App` and run `dotnet run` to run the executable file `NexusMods.App.csproj`
>   - The app should open and run if you are using JetBrains Rider
>   - If you are using Visual Studio, you may come across build error CS0579 in which you can try running `git submodule update --init --recursive` to update the SMAPI API
>     - If the command doesn't work then you can alternatively get the project running by cloning in either Git Bash or Command Prompt and using the same above commands (first update the submodule, then run the executable)

Reviewer: Hi, thanks for the PR!

There are some inaccuracies that should be fixed, e.g. `NexusMods.App.csproj` being a project file rather than an executable.
I would suggest changes below:

```suggestion
- Clone the repository (optionally make a fork first)
- Ensure submodules have been cloned as well, you may use `git submodule update --init --recursive` to do so
- Build and run the `NexusMods.App` project from your IDE to start the app, or use 
`dotnet run --project src/NexusMods.App/NexusMods.App.csproj ` 
```

Author: Hey Al, thanks for the clarification. I went ahead and modified the pull request to match your suggested changes. Let me know if there's anything else I could improve on.
